[ros2] README updates (service bridge, Gazebo rename) (#252)
gazebosim/ros_gz: ros_ign_interfaces/README.md

# Message and service data structures for interacting with Gazebo from ROS2

This package currently contains some Gazebo-specific ROS message and service data structures (.msg and .srv)

## Messages (.msg)

> * [Contact](msg/Contact.msg): related to [ignition::msgs::Contact](https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ign-msgs/blob/ign-msgs7/proto/ignition/msgs/contact.proto). Contant info bewteen collisions in Gazebo Sim.

Reviewer: Do you want to update the link and the links below as well? 
```suggestion
* [Contact](msg/Contact.msg): related to [ignition::msgs::Contact](https://github.com/gazebosim/gz-msgs/blob/ign-msgs7/proto/ignition/msgs/contact.proto). Contant info bewteen collisions in Gazebo Sim.
```
